UNIT FILE                                  STATE   
accounts-daemon.service                    [0;1;32menabled [0m
acpid.service                              [0;1;31mdisabled[0m
apport-forward@.service                    static  
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static  
apt-daily.service                          static  
atd.service                                [0;1;32menabled [0m
autovt@.service                            [0;1;32menabled [0m
bootlogd.service                           [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
bootlogs.service                           [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
bootmisc.service                           [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
checkfs.service                            [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
checkroot-bootclean.service                [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
checkroot.service                          [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
console-getty.service                      [0;1;31mdisabled[0m
console-setup.service                      static  
console-shell.service                      [0;1;31mdisabled[0m
container-getty@.service                   static  
cron.service                               [0;1;32menabled [0m
cryptdisks-early.service                   [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
cryptdisks.service                         [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.network1.service      [0;1;31mdisabled[0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      [0;1;31mdisabled[0m
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static  
dbus.service                               static  
debug-shell.service                        [0;1;31mdisabled[0m
dm-event.service                           [0;1;31mdisabled[0m
emergency.service                          static  
friendly-recovery.service                  [0;1;32menabled [0m
fuse.service                               [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
getty-static.service                       static  
getty@.service                             [0;1;32menabled [0m
halt.service                               [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
hostname.service                           [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
hwclock.service                            [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
ifup@.service                              static  
initrd-cleanup.service                     static  
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static  
initrd-switch-root.service                 static  
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static  
iscsi.service                              [0;1;32menabled [0m
iscsid.service                             [0;1;32menabled [0m
keyboard-setup.service                     [0;1;31mdisabled[0m
killprocs.service                          [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static  
kmod.service                               static  
lvm2-lvmetad.service                       [0;1;31mdisabled[0m
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                      [0;1;31mdisabled[0m
lvm2-monitor.service                       [0;1;32menabled [0m
lvm2-pvscan@.service                       static  
lvm2.service                               [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
lxcfs.service                              [0;1;32menabled [0m
lxd-bridge.service                         static  
lxd-containers.service                     [0;1;32menabled [0m
lxd.service                                indirect
mdadm-shutdown.service                     [0;1;31mdisabled[0m
module-init-tools.service                  static  
motd.service                               [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
mountall-bootclean.service                 [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
mountall.service                           [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
mountdevsubfs.service                      [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
mountkernfs.service                        [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
mountnfs-bootclean.service                 [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
mountnfs.service                           [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
mysql.service                              [0;1;32menabled [0m
networking.service                         [0;1;32menabled [0m
open-iscsi.service                         [0;1;32menabled [0m
open-vm-tools.service                      [0;1;32menabled [0m
plymouth-halt.service                      static  
plymouth-kexec.service                     static  
plymouth-log.service                       static  
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static  
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static  
plymouth-quit.service                      static  
plymouth-read-write.service                static  
plymouth-reboot.service                    static  
plymouth-start.service                     static  
plymouth-switch-root.service               static  
plymouth.service                           static  
polkitd.service                            static  
procps.service                             static  
quotaon.service                            static  
rc-local.service                           static  
rc.local.service                           static  
rc.service                                 [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
rcS.service                                [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
reboot.service                             [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
rescue.service                             static  
resolvconf.service                         [0;1;32menabled [0m
rmnologin.service                          [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
rsync.service                              [0;1;31mdisabled[0m
rsyslog.service                            [0;1;32menabled [0m
screen-cleanup.service                     [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
sendsigs.service                           [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
serial-getty@.service                      [0;1;31mdisabled[0m
setvtrgb.service                           static  
sigpwr-container-shutdown.service          static  
single.service                             [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
snapd.autoimport.service                   [0;1;32menabled [0m
snapd.core-fixup.service                   [0;1;32menabled [0m
snapd.seeded.service                       [0;1;32menabled [0m
snapd.service                              [0;1;32menabled [0m
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static  
snapd.system-shutdown.service              [0;1;32menabled [0m
ssh.service                                [0;1;32menabled [0m
ssh@.service                               static  
sshd.service                               [0;1;32menabled [0m
stop-bootlogd-single.service               [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
stop-bootlogd.service                      [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
syslog.service                             [0;1;32menabled [0m
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static  
systemd-backlight@.service                 static  
systemd-binfmt.service                     static  
systemd-bootchart.service                  [0;1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-bus-proxyd.service                 static  
systemd-exit.service                       static  
systemd-fsck-root.service                  static  
systemd-fsck@.service                      static  
systemd-fsckd.service                      static  
systemd-halt.service                       static  
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static  
systemd-hibernate.service                  static  
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static  
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static  
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static  
systemd-initctl.service                    static  
systemd-journal-flush.service              static  
systemd-journald.service                   static  
systemd-kexec.service                      static  
systemd-localed.service                    static  
systemd-logind.service                     static  
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static  
systemd-modules-load.service               static  
systemd-networkd-resolvconf-update.service static  
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       [0;1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-networkd.service                   [0;1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-poweroff.service                   static  
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static  
systemd-random-seed.service                static  
systemd-reboot.service                     static  
systemd-remount-fs.service                 static  
systemd-resolved.service                   [0;1;31mdisabled[0m
systemd-rfkill.service                     static  
systemd-suspend.service                    static  
systemd-sysctl.service                     static  
systemd-timedated.service                  static  
systemd-timesyncd.service                  [0;1;32menabled [0m
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static  
systemd-udev-settle.service                static  
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static  
systemd-udevd.service                      static  
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static  
systemd-update-utmp.service                static  
systemd-user-sessions.service              static  
udev.service                               static  
ufw.service                                [0;1;32menabled [0m
umountfs.service                           [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
umountnfs.service                          [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
umountroot.service                         [0;1;31mmasked  [0m
unattended-upgrades.service                [0;1;32menabled [0m
urandom.service                            static  
ureadahead-stop.service                    static  
ureadahead.service                         [0;1;32menabled [0m
user@.service                              static  
uuidd.service                              indirect
x11-common.service                         [0;1;31mmasked  [0m

172 unit files listed.
